Fix an issue of releasing lock for rq export job when the worker subprocess is killed (#8721)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20241218_120228_maria_fix_export_job_lock_releasing.md

### Fixed

> - Acquiring a long lock with a worker TTL could result in the lock not being released,
>   blocking further exports with the same parameters (<https://github.com/cvat-ai/cvat/pull/8721>)
> - Scheduled RQ jobs could not be restarted due to incorrect RQ job status
>   updating and handling (<https://github.com/cvat-ai/cvat/pull/8721>)
> - Parallel exports with the same parameters by different users caused
>   a LockNotAvailableError to be raised for all users except the one
>   who initiated the export first (<https://github.com/cvat-ai/cvat/pull/8721>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exporting datasets could start significantly later than expected, both for 1 and several users in the same project/task/job 
  (<https://github.com/cvat-ai/cvat/pull/8721>)
- Scheduled RQ jobs could not be restarted due to incorrect RQ job status
  updating and handling (<https://github.com/cvat-ai/cvat/pull/8721>)
```

It feels like these messages are too detailed for regular users.
